Agreement text (verbatim from the attached packet, for Prompt 2 step 2)
1. Purpose of RC Funds: The recipient of RC Funds, herein referred to
as the "Participant," acknowledges that the primary purpose of these
funds is to empower individuals with developmental disabilities to
exercise greater control over their service delivery and to achieve
personal outcomes based on their individual needs, preferences, and
goals.
2. Eligible Expenditures: The Participant understands that RC Funds
can be used for a range of services, supports, and goods that promote
community inclusion, enhance quality of life, and facilitate the
attainment of personal objectives. These include but are not limited to,
services related to education, and social and recreational activities.
3. Budget Development and Approval: The Participant agrees to
collaborate with their Service Coordinator to obtain the proper
authorization and provide the supporting documentation to obtain the
authorization. This includes program invoices or contracts, with the
business and/or program name, the contact information for the
business/program, and the service that is provided: (Example: Joe's
Karate Club, summer program 2 x per week from 7/1-8/31; cost $420.00).
The Participant understands that purchases cannot be granted unless
CEPS obtains authorization for the item, and CEPS cannot pay outside the
authorized amount. The Participant acknowledges the responsibility to
utilize RC Funds in accordance with the guidelines and regulations. Any
proposed expenditures must be consistent with the Participant's
Individual Program Plan (IPP) and must not contravene state and federal
laws, regulations, or policies. CEPS does not receive the IPP, but will
assume if the Participant receives authorization from the RC, that the
services are in line with the IPP as the RC provides the authorization
to CEPS.
4. Record Keeping and Documentation: The Participant agrees to
provide CEPS with unpaid invoices, bills, or payment requests. The
Participant agrees to maintain accurate and detailed records of all
expenditures made using RC Funds. This documentation shall include
receipts, invoices, and other pertinent information and be made
available for inspection upon request.
5. Service Payment and/or Reimbursement Process: Service Payment:
The Participant will provide CEPS with the Recreational Activity
Service/Program contact information and an invoice, bill or payment
request from the vendor a minimum of two weeks prior to the payment due
date. The Participant will provide CEPS with the requested payment
schedule: (Example: $420.00 to be paid in two payments of $210.00 on the
first of each month). CEPS will submit payment to the vendor by check
and provide payment confirmation to the Participant. Reimbursement:
Upon the completion of approved expenditures, the Participant will
obtain authorization from the RC. The RC will provide CEPS with a copy
of the authorization and any supporting documentation. The participant
must complete a CEPS invoice and provide supporting documentation such
as receipts or invoices for services. CEPS will initiate the
reimbursement process for the Participant subsequent to the RC's
fulfillment of the expenditure. The disbursement of payment may require
a span of 30-45 days from the date of CEPS's formal submission to the
RC.
By signing this contract, the Participant affirms their commitment to
utilizing RC Funds responsibly and in accordance with the principles and
guidelines set forth by the California Department of Developmental
Disabilities.
The Parent/Guardian/Conservator is providing an attestation that
confirms the participant's receipt of services and their payment for
said services. This attestation is corroborated by their submission of
the relevant receipt/invoice. Signatures indicate agreement and
understanding of the terms outlined in this contract statement.